//https://mobilizeeventos.zendesk.com/hc/pt-br/articles/115001325827-Como-adicionar-convidados-


How to add guests?

At mobilize events, the Guest list is the Couple's most used tool.
In this tutorial you're going to learn how to create a Guest, from the get-go.

Adding Guests
  - Accessing the Guest List
  - Understanding the Guest List structure
  - Creating an Invitation
  - Creating a Guest

Accessing the Guest List

To access an Event's Guest List, locate your side menu and click on: Events
> Romeu and Juliet's Wedding (name of the event) > Guests.

You'll see a list just like this one:
[image]

Understanding the Guest List structure

The Guest List is structured in two layers: invitations and guests. The tool was
organized this way because it serves both individual and group invitations,
that is, when you invite a couple, a family or a group of friends.
[image]

Invitation

Each Invitation must have one or more guests and will store important information
for the attendance confirmation and the event's reception (achei estranho em portugues,
 ficou estranho em ingles recepção do evento, o que seria isso?), such as the
 responsible contacts.

 Note: in the case of an individual invitation, it's advised to add information into
 the Invitation and add a Guest, leaving the name blank.

 Guest

 It's a person who might attend the event, but not necesseraly will confirm presence.
 In each guest from an invitation you will be able to store important information
 for the reception such as Name, age range and the status (pending, confirmed
 or canceled).

 Creating an Invitation

 To create an Invitation, click on the  (+) button on the lower right corner of
 the Guest List. The first step is to fill in the fields:
  1. Invitation's Name: Fill in with something that refer to the guests, for example:
  "Mr. and Ms. Sangalo" or "Belini's Family". In case it's an individual invitation,
  fill in with the Guest's Name.
  Note: This is the only required field.
  [image]
  2. Responsible's data: Fill in with the person responsible for the attendance
  confirmation of the guests. In case it's an individual invitation, you can
  leave the responsible name blank.
  Warning! This information is very important for the RSVP, be it by phone
  or email.
  3. Group: the guest groups are a way for the hosts to organize themselves
  better and to calculate how many people from each social group they are inviting.
  4. Table: After defining the guests, you may organize them in tables. It is
  a field used by the reception on the Event's day.
  5. Comments: here you can write down some relevant detail for the guest
  attendance responsible, reception or buffet.

After filling in the important fields for your List, click on the Save button.
The Invitation will be saved, it is very important to detail who are the Guests.

Creating a Guest

After saving the Invitation you will be able to add Adult Guests, Childrens and
Non-Paying.
  1. Choose the age range of the Guest and click on the Add button.
  [image]
  2. Click over the Guest and type into the text-field to change the Guest's Name.
  3. Click on the Save button, next to the text-field.

Done! Now, you already know how to add multiple Guests to the Event.

PS.: The companies responsible for providing food and drinks usually charge
based on the number and age range of the guests, so you can create
Adults, Childrens and Non-Paying Guests. The age limit between the age groups
varies from company to company, so check them out.
