//https://mobilizeeventos.zendesk.com/hc/pt-br/articles/115001158787-Como-posso-limitar-o-que-os-usu%C3%A1rios-v%C3%AAem-ou-fazem-


How can I restrict what users see or do?

At mobilize events, you're able to restrict the access of your users so that the
system fits into your company's standarts. You make this type of control through
the Access Permissions.

Warning! Some settings in Access Permissions might drastically change the way your
environment works at mobilize events. If you have any doubts, get in touch with us first! :)

Access Permissions
  - Accessing the Access Permissions
  - Managing the access to the Modules
  - Managing the Access to the Services

Accessing the Access Permissions

To access the Access Permissions, on the top right corner click on Settings >
Access Permissions.

User Profiles

Mobilize counts, by default, on two User Profiles: Administrador and
Client. Thus, you can control both what your collaborators and your clients can access.

To choose which User Profile you want to manage, select the button:
[image]
You'll see a screen like this:
[image]

Managing the Access to the Modules

The modules are like the parts of the mobilize events platform.

By default, some modules are blocked from the Client User Profile, like the
access to your Financial and Client modules.

This means that Client Users won't even see buttons or links to these modules
while they're navigating through mobilize events.

To disable or enable full access to one of the modules,
 click the corresponding ON/OFF button. In case the button turns red, the module
 will be deactivated for that User Profile, as will be all the corresponding services:
 [image]

 Managing the access to the services

 The services are the features that an User in a mobilize event's module.

 Usually, the services allow the User to create, edit or remove some kind of object
 on the platform (such as an Event or a Supplier).

 Let's assume that a service is deactivated for an User Profile. For example,
 we deactivated the service "Create suppliers" for Client Users. This will
 cause the Client Users not to be able to and not even see the Add Supplier button.

 To deactivate or activate the access to a service, click on the corresponding ON/OFF button.
 In case the button turns red, the service will be deactivated for that User Profile.
 [image]
