Mobilize Events
CASES    PLANS    LOG IN

MOBILIZE EVENTS CASES

Our clients are already obtaining excellent results in their marriage companies.
You gotta meet them!

1. Thais Mariani
Thais Mariani Events advisory
Maringá - PR

"With mobilize events I save time and conquer the brides"

2. Bruna Matos
Believe Advisory
São Caetano do Sul - SP

"Because we chose mobilize since Believe's opening"

3. Dudu
BISS Group
Maringá - PR

"We organized a company that has been in the market for 20 years and I got my welfare back"

1. THAIS MARIANI ADVISORY

Marriage advisor, Maringá - PR

Thais is a marriage ceremonialist and always used to be organized: she used to
create spreadsheets with supplier costs for each event, she had a checklist with
every task that should've been done from the begining of the planning till
the day of the party.

But the more advisory contracts she closed, smaller was her time to keep those
spreadsheets up to date. Occasionally something could go unnoticed and the client
not be informed about a meeting, or she would lost valuable time to find a contract
inside the folders that she used to create for the marriages. Not to mention those
weekends that she spent typing the guest list with over than 300 names that the
brides used to hand over to her.

She used to lost a precious time organizing the task list, costs and guests of
a new marriage.

Thais got stuck to the spreadsheets for a long time, she even found some temporary
solutions like the calendar and the spreadsheets from Google, but even though, the
labor of adding each task was manual and didn't met her needs: there were more and
more marriages, more things to do and remember while the day hours stood the same.

For some time, she kept researching ways of enhance the event management until
a fried of hers (and a client of us) suggested her to use a system developed to
marriage managers, the mobilize events. I went to her office by myself and explained to her that
this was about a tool that would help her saving a lot of time. She stayed with our
presentation and said that would think about the proposal.

"With mobilize I save up to 30% of my time and the system motivates the brides to
close deals with me"

After a week from the meeting, she started using the mobilize events system.
It was a rough start, because it was a big change, but when she started to save
time and see the positive reactions of the first bride and grooms who had contact
with our system, it was very coold both for us as it was for her. Nowadays Thais sells
more and makes her job in less time thanks to our system and this is satisfying!

TRY IT FOR FREE

2. BRUNA MATOS FROM BELIEVE ADVISORY
Marriage advisor, São Caetano do Sul - SP.

The Believe Advisory is one of the fastest growing advisory and marriage ceremonials
company in the state of São Paulo and is giving us an example of how to grow in times
of crisis. The first step was taken in 2016 and after only 6 months they closed more
than 30 contracts to manage events, organized the anniversary of a national well known
model and surpassed the mark of 120 thousand followers on Facebook.

Bruna warned her husband, Evandro: she had decided - was about to start a marriage
advisory company along with a partner! She already knew everything about the
marriage scene: organization, communication, tendencies, good suppliers... that
was when Evandro started to think on how are they going to manage all of Believe's
departments as a company.

Even before the opening, Evandro and Bruna started to research for tools that
would help them achieving success

They already had experience with company IT systems. They also knew that it
would help a lot on the structuring of the new marriage advisory company. Well,
the luck was on Believe's side, they found the mobilize events ceremonialists
system. Nowadays, they're one of our great partners!

At the first meeting, Evandro and Bruna already felt the essence. They captured
how much mobilize events could help them saving time and elevate Believe in the
marriage advisory market. Bruna recorded this video talking about how important
the system is for them:

A she use to say, the main idea of the system is exactly this: to structure
the marriage ceremonialist company. Thereby, the professional won't miss any detail.
Besides saving time, the professionals will have a better relationship with
the bride and groom, which will value more your work.

"I'm a fan of the system, so I'm a bit suspicious to say. Today, we use it at full steam
and we control everything of the company, from events to the financial department,
which was an obstacle for us since each client pays in a specific date and we
used to get lost because of this."

TRY IT FREE

DUDU FROM BISS GROUP
Biss group director, Maringá - PR

A company with over than 20 years of success in the events market of your region
does not have a reason to change it's method of work, right? Wrong! The history
shows that the companies that remains on top are the ones who keep renewing and
looking for innovation in the events market, even when the tide is already good.

Being in the market for over 21 years, Biss Band Group performs more than 140
events a year. The focus of the company is at prom parties and marriages, but
they also work on some holiday events such as New Years Eve and Carnival.
Flávio Eduardo is the responsible for the enterprise reference at Maringá's region,
where he is known only as Dudu.

Dudu shows that companies with years of success in the market has to keep innovating

The history of mobilize along with the Biss Band Group started back in 2014.
One of our ceremonialist clients told me: "Tainan, you must visit a company
that immeeediately needs your system!". That was when we met Dudu and his
"unmatching schedule".

On our first conversation, he said: "we are in a urge of a system that can
organize the events company, we always seeked innovation on the events department
and we are wasting too much time". As he was explaining the situtation for us,
we understood the problem. Imagine that all the sales, quotings, reservations
and contractual data were all concentrated in a single appointment book. You read it right,
ONE paperback appointment book!
