//https://mobilizeeventos.zendesk.com/hc/pt-br/articles/115001382048-Perguntas-frequentes-sobre-Assinatura-e-Cobran%C3%A7a
Frequently asked questions about subscription and charging

How much costs the subscription of mobilize events?
  - It depends. We've created plans according to the number of events that your company
  organizes.
  You can check out the details at the mobilize service plans webpage.

What do I get with the subscription?
  - A lot. Mobilize doesn't charage any implantation fees and we are willing to
  support and train you and your collaborators whenever necessary.
  - We're working with the best event organizing companies in the market and
  improving mobilize events every week, with periodic updates. You don't pay for
  this and will always have the top-class tool in the events market.

Does the subscription have any loyalty period?
  -No. In the monthly plan you subscribe into mobilize events and pay for the chosen
  period, being able to cancel after it ends. For example, in the monthly subscription
  you can cancel your plan at any time.

Do you have Annual Plans?
  - Yes. Oh, if don't know, we're a startup (a company with limited resources
  but able to serve lots of customers well and grow fast). So, we seek ways of
  anticipating the revenue to be able to reinvest even more at mobilize and serve
  you even better.

  With that said, we created Annual Plans, we anticipate part of the revenue of your
  subscription and because of that we're able to give you a nice discount! :)

I've done my subscription. Am I gonna be able to change plans later on?
  - Yes. It is possible to change the plans according to the number of events that
  your company is organizing, be it for a bigger or smaller plan. (we do hope
  it'll be for the bigger one, right?! hahah)

What are the available payment methods?
  - Bill of Exchange or credit card.

Ok, I liked it. How do I subscribe and how does it work?
  - Yayyyyy! Well, you log into mobilize events through here. Then, go to Settings > My Plan,
  choose your payment method, insert your information.
  Subscribed? Great, now your invoice will be sent to you every month in your email,
  about 5 days prior the due date.

Still have some questions! :(
  - Keep cool. Talk to us and we will take any questions that you might have.
  Send an email to support@mobilizeevents.com, please?! (:
