//https://mobilizeeventos.zendesk.com/hc/pt-br/articles/115001273628-Como-gerenciar-os-Custos-de-um-Evento-

How to manage the Costs of an Event? // achei q fica melhor do que "how to manage an event's cost, assim fica singular parece"


The Costs Spreadsheet is the heart of the event's financial management, ranging
from supplier's quotation values to the installments payment control.

You'll be able to decide, along with your clients, estimates about how much are
they planning to invest in the event, in which services or products the budget
will be invested and what are the indicated suppliers, quoted and hired for the event.

Tip: You can automatically (automagically) generate a Costs Spreadsheet using an Event Model.

Managing Costs
  - Accessing the Costs Spreadsheet
  - Understanding the Costs Spreadsheet structure
  - Understanding the estimated cost and the real cost
  - Adding supplier's quotations
  - Discarding unnecessary costs

Accessing the Costs Spreadsheet
To access an Event's Costs Spreadsheet, on the side menu click on:
Events > Romeu and Juliet Marriage (event's name) > Costs
You'll see a spreadsheet like this one:
[image]

Understanding the Costs Spreadsheet Structure
The Costs Spreadsheet is structured in three layers: supplier category,
service or product and supplier's quotation.
It is structured this way:
[image]
Supplier's Category: These are supplier's categories that provide the same
types of service. Example: Buffet, Private Security, Decoration.
Product or Service: It is the service or product provided by that supplier's
category, and will be used in the event. Examples in the category Stationers: Invitation, Menu and Tags.
Supplier's Quotation: It is the quotation of a company that might be hired
to provide service in that event. It may have more than one supplier for each
service. Examples in the category Stationers and in the product Invitations:
Tuiuti Graphics and Maranata Graphics.

Understanding the Estimated Cost and Real Cost
  - Estimated Cost: You can edit the cost estimative of a Product/Service, to
  anticipate the total cost of the event. It is also useful to compare to real
  quotations that will be added later on.
  Clicking on the column Estimated Cost, you can change the estimative:
  [image]
  - Real Cost: the value of every quotation defined as Hired of an Event's
  Costs Spreadsheet will be added to the Real Cost of the Event.

Adding supplier's quotations
Assuming you've used an Event Model and your Costs Spreadsheet has it has an
already built structure, in order to add a quotation:
  1. Click on the button (...) at the end of an Event Cost line and select +
  Add Supplier in Cost's Name
  [image]
  2. On the first field you can search (or create) the Supplier quoted for that
  Event.
  3. Fill in the total value of the quotation.
  4. Check the quotation status.
  5. In case it is a hired quotation, you can check the paid value.
  [image]
PS.: It is possible to divide the cost into two or more parcels, to the mobilize
events system to send payment notifications. Learn more in the article Creating
cost installments of an Event.

Discarding unnecessary Costs
Before getting to the ideal budget to the Event, it is possible for you and your
clients to change the estimates, add but mainly remove Costs that are'nt gonna
take part in the Event.
  1. Click on the button (...) at the end of an Event Cost line and select x
  Remove Cost and Suppliers
  2. Confirm the operation.
