Mobilize help center        send a request        log in
Help center | mobilize events > First Steps         Search

Articles in this section
How to Create my First event

//title
How to create my first event?

Tainan
updated a month ago               Follow

The event is the center of everything that happens inside mobilize events and probaly,
inside your company aswell. Here, every new event has its own section, your own clients,
suppliers, guests, tasks and costs.

Creating the Event

The first step in order to create the event is to click in the button "Add Event"
in the lower left corner of your home page.

You'll be redirected to the event creation process, which is made of 4 steps:
  * Inserting basic data
  * Using an Event Model
  * Inviting the Bride and Groom
  * Starting the management

So, let's get to it! :)

Inserting the basic data

The first screen of the process of creating the event looks like this one:
[image]
// traducao da imagem
Event
Ex: Marriage of Romeu and Juliet
Date          Type of Event
10/05/2018    Search
Client
Ex: Romeu Montechio
Estimated number of guests:   Ex: 300
Estimated budget:     U$ Ex: 40000
Add information about the event`s location
                Create Event

The first step is to add the basic information of the event:
  1. Event's Name: It's how it's gonna be referenced throughout the App. It's good practice
  to use the Bride and Groom's name or something that will differ multiple events
  that you're going to manage.

  2. Event's date: It's mandatory to set a date, but don't worry you'll be able to change it later.

  3. Type of Event: It's a field intended to group the many types of event that you organize (ex: marriage, graduation party, academics).

  4. Client: It's who is hiring the event management company, usually being the bride and groom.
  At this point you only register the client's name, but you'll be able to add more detailed
  information later on.

  5. Estimated number of guests: It's a number that we'll use when you and your clients
  start inputting information into the guest's list.

  6. Estimated Budget: We use this value to estimate the event's costs, providing
  real estimates accordingly to your planned budget.

  7. Location: fill in this field in case you and your clients have already decided the event's location.

All set? Click in Create Event. The first step of the process is done!

Using an Event Model

The Event Models are standarts for event management, composed of a deadlines and tasks list
and a standart costs spreadsheet. Click to learn more about the Event Models.

Why use an Event Model?

By using an Event Model throughout the process of creating your New Event you'll
automatically generate:
  * A task list with deadlines according to the event's date.
  * the required products and services for the event and it's estimated costs.

This will save you a lot of time on planning a new event.

Choosing and applying a model

  1. On the second step of the event creation process, you'll see the Event Models available on your platform.
  [image]
  //traducao da imagem
  1. Creating the Event         2. Using a model      3. Inviting the bride and Groom

  Romeu and Juliet Marriage   10/05/2018

  Graduation party checklist      Standart Checklist -        Standart Checklist -
  63 items                        Childish birthday           Marriage
  see details                     45 items                    96 items
                                  see details                 see details

  2. Chose the model accordingly to the type of event that you're creating and click on it.
  Notice that the card will be highlighted.
  [Image]
  //Traduzido acima.

  3. After that you just have to click in the button Use this Model and the template will be applied in your New Event.

  PS:You can skip the event model section by clicking in the button Skip.

Inviting the Bride and Groom

Inviting the bride and groom is a must do because by keeping up with and helping manage
their event using mobilize events, you'll save time and increase the perceived value of your service:
the bride and groom love it!

Inputting the data

  1. To send an invitation, you fill in the username, the email and the password.
  [image]
  //traducao da imagem
  Romeu and Juliet's marriage   10/05/2018
  Bride
  Name
  Juliet Cappoulet
  Email                   Password
  jucappoulet@msn.com     alohomora321
  Groom
  Name
  Romeu Montecchio
  Email                   Password
  romeu@gmail.com         noidea123
  Skip                    Invite

  2. After filling out, click in the button Invite

PS: You can also skip the bride and groom invitation by clicking in the button Skip

What happens when I invite the bride and groom?

By inviting a groom into mobilize events, an invitation is sent into his email,
containing an access *link*, *login* and *password*, just like this one:
[another F... image]
//essa aqui eu to susse de traduzir agora, abraços.

Warning! It's important to notice that the bride and groom's login only gives them access to their own event.

Starting to manage

Done! If you've got to the fourth step, the process of creating an event was successfully accomplished.

Now, you can manage the task list's details, costs and guests, making your new event special and unique // QUE BONIIIIITO!
