Mobilize
Technology and entertainment

Mobilize is a Brazilian startup that aims to enhance the talent of creative, enterpreneur people
and make the world a more enjoyable place.
Our products and services

Management software system for event organizer companies.

Vist us.

mobilizeeventos.com

The Control of the Marriage in the hands of the ceremonialist.

Literally.

Your ceremonialist e-mail

Try it for Free

Become a ceremonialist with super-powers!

Professional checklist models
Have access to professional marriage planning models - with instructions, deadlines and tips.
Use, adapt or create your own models.

Create and update the event`s task list

With one click, you generate a list of tasks of a new wedding. After that, it's just
attaching suppliers, check what's already done and also be remembered of what is behind schedule.

Costs and marriage installments the easy way

The payment control of suppliers is done in a simple and crystal clear way, both for you
and for the bride and groom.

Bride and Groom able to fill the guest list

You invite and your clients get access to their event and become able to collaborate in the control and confirmation of guests.

We also thought about your financial management

Aside from managing events, you start getting control of all your expenses and the incomes of your company.

Try it for free

What do you get by using the marriage ceremonialist system from mobilize events?

We thought a lot about the professional that makes the advisory and the marriage ceremonial.
The ceremonialist deals with lots of people, lots of information and his time becomes short.

Common ceremonialist
You lost soo much time with consults, checkings, reports and repetitive tasks.
You receive hundreds of emails, phonecalls and whatsapp messages daily.

Ceremonialist that uses Mobilize
Your productivity skyrocket. You have more time to do other things.
The communication with your clients become clearer. And, of course, they love it.

Bride and Groom love it!

Bride and groom realize the differential of your company from the get go. We assure you: you're going to close more deals!

What the ceremonialists say
There is no one better than them to tell you what the marriage advisory system from mobilize does for you,
 (the marriage ceremonialist) check what the marriage's ceremonialist, Thais Mariani, has to say.

It eases communication

"The bride and groom themselves access their events and fill in the gust list.
The changes are updated in real time, by doing that we're able to spare lots of time
in phonecalls and emails." Heverthon, from H. Mariani event production and advisory - Maringá - PR

Increases control
"Dude, seriously... This thing was a big found for me. Before this, I always
 had the feeling that something was missing.
 This gave me welfare! When I look there, I see that I have nothing
delayed and my day becomes peaceful."
Flavio Eduardo, from biss band group - maringá - pr.

Management to the Events and the Company
"I'm a fan of the system, so I'm a bit suspicious to say.
Today, we're using it at full steam and we control everything for the company,
from the events to the financial department, which was an obstacle for us
since each client pays in a specific date and we used to get lost because of this."
BRUNA MATOS FROM BELIEVE ADVISORY - SÃO CAETANO DO SUL - SP

IT SPEEDS UP THINGS AND IS A DIFFERENTIAL
"At first sight, when I show that the event will be managed using a system,
the clients appear to be much more interested. Besides, with MOBILIZE I can
simultaneously manage the more than 40 events that I'm still gonna execute."
THAIS MARIANI EVENT ADVISOR - MARINGÁ - PR.

Ceremonialists from all over the country are already conquering the bride and groom
with MOBILIZE events.

Meet the success cases from mobilize

Made for you to save time and attract more customers

We made a series of quick videos to explain how mobilize can transform your
marriage management company.

Watch the videos:
Click to see on YouTube

Plans and Prices

They fit smoothly based on the number of events you manage and the size of your
ceremonial team.

LIGHT
55
per month
in the annual plan

up to 5 events
1 collaborator user
unlimited clients
test it for free

PRO
85
per month
in the annual plan

up to 15 events
1 collaborator user
unlimited clients
test it for free

PREMIUM
125
per month
in the annual plan

unlimited events
2 collaborator users
unlimited clients
test it for free

GET A BETTER UNDERSTANDING OF PRICES AND PLANS

We listen to you, I promise
Whats up, did you like it? Have any doubts? Want a quotation or to learn the cake's recipe?
Be it by email, cellphone, whatsapp, smoke signal or carrier pigeon, talk to us!

CONTACT
+55 44 9 9704-5188

tainan@mobilizeeventos.com
Maringá, PR.

Copyright 2017 mobilize events All rights reserved
