mobilize help center               send a request log in

Help center | mobilize events > Event models

Search

// Tradução da "sidebar" esquerda
Articles in this section

How to create an event model starting from an existing one?

What is an event model?

// Tradução do corpo do texto

//Title
What is an event model?
Tainan
updated 24 days ago           Follow

In a quick phrase, the event models are professional standarts of the organization of events.

What is an event model: a greek story...

Imagine that you were hired to organize a marriage in Greece. I believe you would
have some doubts on planning this event:

* Which kinds of suppliers take part in the event?
* What are the deadlines to start contacting the suppliers?
* How much does the bride and groom use to spend in each type of service, in Greece?
* What is the schedule of a Greek marriage ceremony?

A solution would be, to look for a greek ceremonialist colleague and hope for her to
provide you with:

  1. A task list example (or checklist) with deadlines for a greek marriage;
  2. an example of costs spreadsheet for a greek marriage;
  3. an example of day schedule for a greek marriage;

That is, she would provide you with an Event Model of a Greek Marriage!

Understanding the Event Models

As in the example above, the event model in mobilize events consist in a task list
with defined deadlines and a costs spreadsheet containing estimated values.

Standart Tasks
The standart task list is a model of which tasks should be done for that kind of event
to succeed.

It also contains information about when the tasks should begin and what is their deadline.
Using the Model will help on defining the actual dates.

Standart Costs
The standart costs put together the services and products required on that kind of event.
It is also possible to set a percentage that each cost will have related to the event budget.

Why use a model?
1. Ease: you create or import the event model just once, and after that you're
able to use that Model in any New Event.
  * In the old method, you could copy the files of an old event and rewrite
  everything that was necessary:
  Old method of organizing events

  * With the event models from mobilize events, you're able to generate the whole
  template of a new event with one click:

2. Agility: When using the model, the mobilize events automatic generates a task list
and a costs spreadsheet specific for that event.
  * Using the deadlines of the Model, the system create a task list with real dates
  according to the date of the New Event.
  * The costs spreadsheet is also generated automatically (automagically ser quiser zuar).
  The estimate of costs is done according to the event budget.

3. Discovery: As in the Greek Marriage example, you can also use professional
event models to manage events in:
  * different regions:
  * different budgets; or,
  * other types of events (such as graduation parties, marriages, business parties and
  academics).

By using the event models, you will automate an important piece of your process
and will save time to plan every event's detail.


Did you find this article useful?
Yes     No
Users that found this useful: 5 of 5

Have any more questions? Send us a request

Articles recently viewd                                   Related articles
How to create an event model from an existing model?      How to create my first event?
                                                          How to attach files to the event?
                                                          How to manage the costs of an event?
                                                          Frequently asked questions about subscription and charging
                                                          What a client can access in mobilize events
Comments
0 comments
Please, log in to comment



Still have doubts?
support@mobilizeevents.com



mobilize events
Home
plans and prices
terms of use
help center


2017 mobilize events. all rights reserved.
