Which notifications am I going ["gonna" informal] to receive via email? // se for colocar gonna, tem q tirar o "to"

At mobilize events, we are well aware that writing hundreds of emails to warn clients
and suppliers of event related stuff is one of the most boring parts of being an
event organizer.

So, the mobilize automates a couple of these emails. With the notifications, we warn those
involved in the event about the important happenings.

The notifications are send in the mobilize events user's emails. We mark
the ones that are sent only to administrators with an (*).

Types of Notifications

  1. Financial Control
  2. Pendencies from all events
  3. Pendencies from the event
  4. Last known activity
  5. Next appointments

We're going to discuss every one of them, starting with the financial notifications

1. Financial Control*

The organizing companies (administrator users) have access to the Financial module,
in order to control the revenues and expenses and the monthly balance.

The mobilize sends a notification with the Company's revenues and expenses that are still pending.

When are these messages sent? Weekly, at monday mornings.
Who receives the notification? The email that was registered as administrator at the
mobilize environment.
[image]

2. Pendencies from all Events*
The mobilize App sends weekly notifications containing a summary of all the pendencies
regarding all events that the Company organizes in the App, as an administrator reminder.

The notification lists the number of pending tasks, payments and next
appointments in each of the company's events.
 When are these messages sent? Weekly, at monday mornings.
 Who receives the notification? The email that was registered as administrator at the
 mobilize environment.
 [image]

 3. Event Pendencies
 This kind of notification is sent to the Client Users. The event pendencies might be:
  - a pending task that is close to it's deadline;
  - a payment to a supplier that is still open and has a close deadline, or,
  - an appointment with a close date.

If there are at least one pendency on that event, the notification will be triggered.

When are these messages sent? Weekly, at monday mornings.
Who receives the notification? Every user that is marked as responsible for the event.
[image]


4. Last known activity

Every mobilize events user will receive notifications containing the last known activity
of other users in the events that they are helping to organize.
[IMPORTANT]
When does this sending happens?
It's up to the user to decide. He has three notification frequency options:
Frequently, Daily or Never. The user can alter the frequency of the notifications on
the platform.

Who receives the notification?

The notifications are aimed according to the user's linking:
  - The payments, guests and appointments notifications are sent to every user responsible for the event.
  [image]
  - The task related notifications are sent to every user responsible for each task.
  [image]
  See the example below:
  [image]

5. Next Appointments
Appointments are one-off events that happen throughout the management of the "big" event.
Some examples are: meetings, visits, product testing, space evaluations, etc.

It is possible to notify everyone responsible for the event about the appointments.

When are these messages sent? The notification is sent at the moment of creation,
change and as a reminder a couple of hours before the appointment. See the example:
[image]

Who receives this notification? If the notification is activated (optional), every
user that is responsible for the event (administrator and clients) receives a notification.
See the example:
[image]

Conclusion
If something isn't clear yet, get in touch with us and we will explain with a bit more details (and examples).
We're improving the notifications more and more! :)
